# Supply chain & Procurement Dasboards
### Here are examples of my working dashboards characterizing the activities of the procurement department.
№| Dashboard name                 | Area       | Dashboard's description | Stack |
-------| --------------------------------  | -------------- | --------------   | -------|
1      | [Overall department performance](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/aleksei.pirozhkov/viz/Dashboards_Baltkam/Dashboard4?publish=yes)| Supply chain   | This dashboard describes the overall performance of the department for 2022: total sales, total shortage, total turnover, number of suppliers, brands and areas that are assigned to the department.  |Tableau|
2      | [Sales in terms of suppliers](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/aleksei.pirozhkov/viz/Dashboards_Baltkam/Dashboard5?publish=yes)| Supply chain   | This dashboard shows the overall sales situation for 2022 in terms of suppliers. When choosing a supplier on the chart, its sales during the year, brands and product lines that it is engaged in will be displayed.  |Tableau|
3      | [Brands and directions](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/aleksei.pirozhkov/viz/Dashboards_Baltkam/Dashboard6?publish=yes)| Supply chain   | This dashboard shows the overall situation for 2022 in terms of best and perspective brands and directions. Turnover calculated on 31st December 2022.  |Tableau|
4      | [Worst suppliers, brands and managers performance](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/aleksei.pirozhkov/viz/Dashboards_Baltkam/Dashboard7?publish=yes)| Supply chain   | This dashboard shows the most problematic suppliers and brands for 2022 in terms of shortages, as well as the performance of managers from the purchasing department.  |Tableau|
5      | [Shortage in terms of suppliers](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/aleksei.pirozhkov/viz/ShortageDashboards/Dashboard1?publish=yes)| Supply chain   | This dashboard helps to analyze the shortage situation in 2021 from the point of view of suppliers. It shows the monthly dynamics of the shortage and the suppliers with the highest annual average shortage. If you select the name of the supplier, its shortage dynamics will be displayed, the dynamics of the shortage in the context of brands and directions for which this supplier is responsible.  |Tableau|
6      | [Shortage in terms of Brands](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/aleksei.pirozhkov/viz/ShortageDashboards/Dashboard2?publish=yes)| Supply chain   | This dashboard helps to analyze the shortage situation in 2021 from the point of view of brands. It shows the brands with the highest average annual shortage. If you select a brand, the monthly dynamics of the shortage and the directions coming out under this brand will be displayed.  |Tableau|
7      | [Shortage in terms of Managers](https://public.tableau.com/app/profile/aleksei.pirozhkov/viz/ShortageDashboards/Dashboard3?publish=yes)| Supply chain   | This dashboard helps to analyze the shortage situation in 2021 from the point of view of purchasing managers. It calculates the average annual shortage for each manager and also shows how many suppliers are assigned to each manager. If you select a manager, the monthly dynamics of the shortage of goods for which he is responsible will be displayed. |Tableau|
